[MUSIC]
Hi, I'm Niru, and
I lead the red team at Google.
The red team at Google simulates attackers
that are trying to hack into Google.
They function as a sparring partner for
the blue team, that is, the teams that
build security controls, detection
pipelines, or respond to incidents.
So we help test all of those
by simulating adversaries.
So we hack into Google to make
it harder to hack into Google.
So it's like, hey,
we found these issues with your system,
now here are some recommendations we have,
and how can we help you fix this?
Thinking like an attacker is approaching
a problem like an adversary.
I generally have a predisposition
to think like an attacker.
[LAUGH].
It started when I was a kid and
I used to play video games, and
I used to ask, oh, do I have to beat
the game in the way it's intended?
Do I have to get the objective
in the standard path?
Looking at a system and
asking the question, can I break into it?
How do I break into it?
What is likely to fail?
If it fails, what does that give me?
It's about taking apart systems and
trying to understand it.
Threat modeling is integral to almost
anything a security professional does.
It's about challenging assumptions.
It's about approaching things
from a different perspective.
Rather than looking at the system from
the perspective of a developer who is
thinking about, how do I build the system
in a way that works for people?
You're putting on the hat of an attacker
and saying, if I looked at the system,
how would I break into it?
It's important for all security
professionals to think like an attacker
because you code more defensively,
you build things more defensively, and
you break things more offensively.
And what that means is you're building
in this resilience into the system, and
you're building in all these safeguards
that are going to help protect the data,
the systems, and the people.
In order to build my attacker mindset,
what I did is I would go
pick people's brains.
What that means is I can
grab time with them and say,
hey, how do you approach the system?
What are the assumptions you're making?
How do you build out the security
safeguards that you're thinking about?
My advice for people who are trying
to build their own attacker mindset
is go talk to people,
be it in local meetups, in conferences,
find yourself a CTF group and
play these competitions with them.
See how each person in the team approaches
certain things and solves for it.
Almost everything we do on a daily basis
is online these days, like banking is
online, grocery shopping is online,
the electricity grid, the water supplies.
All of this has happened in
a short span of time, and
now people are taking a step back and
say, what does that mean for us?
And cybersecurity folks are the ones who
help make sure these systems are locked
down and
protected against these adversaries.
If you're inquisitive, if you like taking
things apart, if you like solving things,
if you want to help make things secure,
you should join cybersecurity.